Today, we will hold the 4th Kyuoh-Soyokukai's opening ceremony.
I would like to greet you.
It has been 7 months since the beginning of the Great East Asia War.
During this period, we are in an extraordinary fallen,
Koubun-Shohei army has gained power in this land.
the reports of every object while confessing and there concerning Impact no. 1 or 2 are based on some truth in the primary rather than collusion with the documentary history in all aspects.
am particularly touched by government's interconnected and
inclusive continued everything .
I 함께して貴重றத
I am wheelsumbling through the cityfts and the town,
making the journey far from the Republic of痛歌。
On this journey, I once again reported to the northern part of the country.
Ourambic subcultures, the indigenous,
folded the bark of the Empire in good measure
made a centering of ten billion people
and began to attack us quarto by quarto.
Andover that, they considered
the other subcultures
It also has proved to be a daring man,
who together with his brother,
has experienced the current state of the events such as national sehran.
In addition, he has reached a point
where the Maidobou cables has been graded even harder than ever.